Crunches
1.png
1- Lie down on your back. Plant your feet on the floor, hip-width apart. Bend your knees and place your arms across your chest. Contract your abs and inhale.
2- Exhale and lift your upper body, keeping your head and neck relaxed.
3- Inhale and return to the starting position.

2.png

yoga
3.png
https://i.imgur.com/f3SJK62.png
It’s time to roll out your yoga mat and discover the combination of physical and mental exercises that for thousands of years have hooked yoga practitioners around the globe. The beauty of yoga is that you don’t have to be a yogi or yogini to reap the benefits. Whether you are young or old, overweight or fit, yoga has the power to calm the mind and strengthen the body. Don’t be intimidated by yoga terminology, fancy yoga studios and complicated poses. Yoga is for everyone.


Push Ups
4.png
https://i.imgur.com/R4aEnv8.png
The push-up is a common calisthenics exercise beginning from the prone position. By raising and lowering the body using the arms, push-ups exercise the pectoral muscles, triceps, and anterior deltoids, ...

Lunges Dancing
5.png
https://i.imgur.com/1hVVKnx.png
Lunges are an important component in dancers’ conditioning, as they train the body to safely and efficiently transfer weight from one foot to the other.  The many lunge variations here focus on creating multi-directional hip mobility and stability.  

Weight Training
6.png
https://i.imgur.com/iVCWFCT.png
Weight training is a common type of strength training for developing the strength, size of skeletal muscles and maintenance of strength. It uses the force of gravity in the form of weighted bars, dumbbells or weight stacks in order to oppose the force generated by muscle through concentric or eccentric contraction.

Running, Walking
7.png
https://i.imgur.com/DvOF6C7.png
The run/walk method is a simple and effective method to avoid injury, boost motivation for running, and improve endurance. Follow these basic steps to get started with your run/walk program. Later, you can add pace variations if you want.

Cycling
8.png
https://i.imgur.com/uAV4W3o.png
Cycling, also, when on a two-wheeled bicycle, called bicycling or biking, is the use of cycles for transport, recreation, exercise or sport. People engaged in cycling are referred to as "cyclists", "bicyclists", or "bikers".

Pilates
https://i.imgur.com/jjRKmYj.png
9.png
Pilates is a type of mind-body exercise developed in the early 20th century by German physical train